Requirement definitions:
1.Robots shall organize returned or new books according to genre then name using Barcode.
2.The customer can request to borrow a book through automated means, and be able to know the books available, and find books through title, author(s), or genre.
3.books must be dusted regularly.

Requirement specification:
    1.1 There must be a database for books, using barcodes generated using ISBN as unique ID, and contain title, genre, version and production year.
    1.2 There must be barcodes for genres and sub-genres, in order to organize books through genre, then sub-genre, then shelf number.
    1.3 There must be designated extra temporary shelves, with name "temporary" as the genre and "extra" as sub-genre.
    1.4 If the extra shelves have a book, the librarians must be notified, so as to either expand the needed genre/sub-genre or cull it.
    1.5 The robot will have to organize books according to title alphabet after finding genre.
    1.6 In case the book must be placed in between two books that already are placed, 
    the robot will have to safely shift the books that come after the held one spot until meeting a free spot, then put the held one in the correct position.
    1.7 In case the shelves designated for the genre are full, the book will then be placed in the extra temporary 
    shelf and send notification of doing so to librarians notification center.
    1.8 Using the robot functionality, put the book on the shelf after finding the right spot.
    
    2.1 There must be a user interface for the customer.
    2.2 The commands the customer can issue using the user interface are: 
            a: Borrow book: which will ask for the customer to log in, if the customer did not register or have forgetten his/her details,
            he/she will be redirected towards the help desk with human employees.
            b: Return book: which will open a tray and request the customer to put the book in there, 
            then automatically process the return using ISBN (use ISBN to find customer account and process "return success").
            c: Find if book is available: Customer can use title, author, genre or ISBN to find a list of books with specified filters, 
            information on each book includes: title, author, version, genre and year.
            d: Request book for local reading: which will run the same process of finding books, 
            then after that the bot will lead a customer to a free reading table, then retrieve the book and give it to the customer.
    
   
 
    3.1 Every day, the bots will use their dusting functionality at the beginning of work hours, cleaning books and shelves of dust.
    3.2 The process goes like this:
            a: At the start of work hours, X amount of bots are assigned cleaning duty.
            b: The number of bots will be assigned by the librarians and should be easily changeable.
            c: The software will devide the number of shelves (taken from the database) by the number of cleaning bots, 
            then be assigned the result as shelves to clean.
            d: The software will then assign each bot to the shelves starting from the shelf with the number (amount of shelves already assigned)
            and ending with the shelf with the number (amount of shelves already assign + the result of the division shelves/bots), 
            this new stopping point is the starting point assigned to the next bot.
